# AWS Templates
AWS templates will help onboard applications with application security integration. Fortify platform support AWS Codestar services so DevOps teams will be able to directly leverage these templates as part of pipeline automation. AWS CodeStar service supports Continious Delivery using their own defined YML files during build and release. 


1.	BuildSpec.yml : This template used to build and generate artifacts using AWS managed services. It depicts the CI process in DevSecOps framework.

2.	AppSpec.yml : This template used to deploy the artifacts generated by the CI process. It depicts the CD process in DevSecOps framework.


## Integrating Fortify with AWS CodeStar
Integrating Fortify with CI process is fairly simple pull and push switch using the templates given in the above folders.  Fortify can be integrated using below steps.

1. Identify your Fortify solution (Fortify on-premises or Fortify on Demand)
2. Identify the type of scan you like to integrate, then go to **SAST** folder or **DAST** folder
3. Pull/copy `fortify_sast_<<technology>>_template.bash` into your local repo
4. Call the bash script within your `buildspec.yml` (compare and merge the POST_BUILD section in buildspec.yml with your existing buildspec.yml)
5. Set the configuration variables in the templates pull from the repo
   - Open `fortify_sast_<<technology>>_template.bash`
   - change the variables as per your Fortify platform
6. Push it to your repository i.e. CodeCommit / GitHub
	
### Trigger the build, and you are done !!
